hey guys this was a requested video by a
subscriber I'm gonna show you guys how
to make Korean style spicy pork
aka a Superbowl game typically we just
stir fry it with spice but I like to
boil it first to drain the fat out so
it's a little bit healthier alright
let's get started okay so I have my pork
here and I slice it in the middle so
it's smaller pieces typically I don't
like pork I use chicken so if you want
you guys need chicken
okie dokie so we have our green onions
and regular onion I will list the
specific measurements down below so make
sure you guys check that out
you
I have hot chili paste low-sodium soy
sauce we have sake this actually
eliminates the smell of pork when you
cook it
we have pureed garlic and then we have
hot chili flakes here and then you're
gonna need a large bowl to mix
everything up later on and I have my
lettuce which I love to eat with my pork
and then also my tofu which one a boil
so I forgot to mention this earlier but
we do need another large bowl to make
our hot chili paste here I am adding 10
tablespoons of hot pepper flakes if you
guys are sensitive to spice I would
probably use six or seven or maybe even
five but it all varies on the brands
that you purchased the brand that I
purchased for this one was extremely hot
and I didn't know about it until after
well even when I was cooking the pork
when I was sauteing it I knew right away
that it was going to be SuperDuper spicy
because my nose was tingling because it
was that hot
okay so now we're going to add one
tablespoon of hot chili paste to our hot
pepper flakes
you
now we have to add five tablespoons of
low-sodium soy sauce to our bowl you
guys can use regular soy sauce if you
want you guys don't have low sodium but
I prefer low sodium
so now I'm just going to mix everything
up together so it's all blended and
evenly distributed
all right so now it's time for the good
part we're going to be adding two
tablespoons of sake to our mixture
okay so now that our water is boiling
let's just add in the pork to drain out
the fat if you guys want to you can
repeat this step to take out the extra
extra fat but I boiled it once only for
five minutes because we're gonna be
sauteing it later on anyway alright so
after five minutes we're gonna drain the
greasy greasy nasty water and we're
gonna rinse the pork with cold water and
put it to the side for a bit alright
next step we're gonna boil our tofu for
five minutes
while our tofu is boiling we're going to
add our pork to a large bowl and add
three tablespoons of the chili paste
that we made earlier
now we're going to need half a
tablespoon of sesame oil
you
now we're gonna add one tablespoon of
garlic
now we're going to need half a
tablespoon of ginger and we're going to
need four tablespoons of brown sugar
now I'm adding one whole onion and just
mixing everything up
there is not really a specific
measurement for the black pepper is just
up to you guys your preference then I'm
going to add one teaspoon of bamboo salt
you
last finales the green onion I have just
three stalks of green onions but it's up
to you guys
you
after we've wheel their toes we're just
going to slice them up into little
bite-sized pieces like so okay so we're
almost done I'm just placing the tofu
more on the plate you guys don't have to
do this I just do it because I think
it's pretty and then I'm just gonna
finish off by chopping up some green
onions and sprinkling them on top
now it's time to devour this thing okay
so now I'm going to use my lettuce and
place my pork in there and eat it like
so a lot of Koreans use lettuce and they
also eat rice but I'm cutting out the
rice for tonight I'm just gonna eat it
with my lettuce and my tofu so what you
do with the tofu is you just put it in
have into little bite-sized pieces and
then place a piece of meat on top and
eat it like so there you go voila thank
you guys so much for watching I hope you
guys enjoyed this recipe if you guys
decide to make this definitely took a
picture and tag me on Instagram I would
love to see your creation
all right guys please thumbs up this
video if you guys liked it and subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already
thanks bye